Ro...
Was there that many? I don't even know.
Is there another romance?
Yeah.
Oh. Okay.
So, maybe eternally.
Oh, I give up.
Yeah. Yeah...
Did you read the book too? Okay, I haven't read the book. So...
Yeah.
Is it... this is
you guys read the book? You know in the tail end of um...
the movie they kind of did Samwise Gamgee kind of falling inlove.
Did they have that in the book? Because I don't recall that scene at all in the book.
They kinda did?
Okay.
Each other.
Right, it was there. Because I don't, I don't remember that at all from reading
the book.
Yeah.
Does it.
Oh...
They named them all.
What happen?
I don't remember that, like...
Yeah.
What...
Yeah. And Tolkien has a whole...
world.
Yeah.
Oh. Yeah, Elvish.
Oh, definitely... the old.
Yes.
Kind of.
Wait, which one would you like, the older kind or the newer one?
So you can actually communicate.
My God. Something magical about word.
That has power.
It's just fascinating.
Yeah.
Oh.
Sma...
But it's amazing like how he create it.
But, when they made
the movie or the rings, they actually hire linguists to create
that. And then, that
I think that movie started a trend, coz then
I don't know if you're like big fan of... I don't think he did games,
game of thrones like
where they had the whole language developed for that.
And so like they, actually these linguists get paid.
Like they, like to create a whole new language, yeah.